Fix description of several Range methods (#38518)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/range/ispointinrange/index.md

### Parameters

- `referenceNode`
  - : The {{domxref("Node")}} that the `offset` is relative to.
- `offset`

>   - : An integer greater than or equal to zero representing the offset of the compared point inside the `referenceNode`. If the `referenceNode` is a {{domxref("Node")}} of type {{domxref("Text")}}, {{domxref("Comment")}}, or {{domxref("CDATASection")}}, then offset is the number of characters from the start of `referenceNode`. For other {{domxref("Node")}} types, offset is the number of child nodes between the start of the `referenceNode`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : An integer greater than or equal to zero describing the position inside `referenceNode` of the point to be checked. If `referenceNode` is a {{domxref("Node")}} of type {{domxref("Text")}}, {{domxref("Comment")}}, or {{domxref("CDATASection")}}, then `offset` is the number of characters from the start of `referenceNode`. For other {{domxref("Node")}} types, `offset` is the number of child nodes from the start of the `referenceNode`.
```

("between the start" doesn't make sense, between needs two things)
